---
page_tile: "Splunk Observability Cloud - signalfx_apm_service_topology
description: |-
    Service Topology allows you to gather data about the service dependencies based on their APM tracing data.
---

# Data Source: signalfx_apm_service_topology

Service Topology allows you to gather data about the service dependencies based on their APM tracing data.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `start_time` (String) Start time allows for a relative lookback duration based on the current time of execution.

### Optional

- `end_time` (String) Allows to set the exact time window for gathering existing services running.Note this is relative from the provided start time value. ie: [(now - start_time), (now - start_time + end_time)]
- `filters` (Attributes List) Filters allow to narrow down the returned services and their connections based on the provided filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filters))

### Read-Only

- `edges` (Attributes List) Edges is the table that shows the conntection between services within the topology. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--edges))
- `nodes` (Attributes List) A list of services to include in the topology query. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes))

<a id="nestedatt--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filters`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the span tag key to filter on
- `scope` (String) Scope is to set at what level the filter should be applied. Possible values are:

- `GLOBAL` - Matches the first occurrence in all spans
- `TIER` - Matches the first occurrence in service-tier spans
- `INCOMING` - Matches the value on the incoming edge span of service tier spans
- `SPAN` - Matches the tag on each span within the trace

Optional:

- `exactly` (String) Exactly ensures that the key value explicitly matches the provided value, and sets the operator to equals
- `matches` (List of String) Matches allows to provide a list of values to match against


<a id="nestedatt--edges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `edges`

Read-Only:

- `from` (String) The name of the service.
- `to` (String) The name of the service.


<a id="nestedatt--nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes`

Read-Only:

- `inferred` (Boolean) Whether the service was inferred from traces.
- `name` (String) The name of the service.
- `type` (String) The type of the service.

