---
page_title: "Splunk Observability Cloud: signalfx_alert_muting_rule"
description: |-
  Allows Terraform to create and manage Splunk Observability Cloud Alert Muting Rules
---

# Resource: signalfx_alert_muting_rule

Provides a Splunk Observability Cloud resource for managing alert muting rules. See [Mute Notifications](https://docs.splunk.com/Observability/alerts-detectors-notifications/mute-notifications.html) for more information.

Splunk Observability Cloud currently allows linking an alert muting rule with only one detector ID. Specifying multiple detector IDs makes the muting rule obsolete.

~> **WARNING** Splunk Observability Cloud does not allow the start time of a **currently active** muting rule to be modified. Attempting to modify a currently active rule destroys the existing rule and creates a new rule. This might result in the emission of notifications.

## Example

```terraform
resource "signalfx_alert_muting_rule" "rool_mooter_one" {
  description = "mooted it NEW"

  start_time = 1573063243
  stop_time  = 0 # Defaults to 0

  detectors = [signalfx_detector.some_detector.id]

  filter {
    property       = "foo"
    property_value = "bar"
  }

  recurrence {
    unit = "d"
    value = 2
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) description of the rule
- `start_time` (Number) starting time of an alert muting rule as a Unix timestamp, in seconds

### Optional

- `detectors` (List of String) detectors to which this muting rule applies
- `filter` (Block Set) list of alert muting filters for this rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `recurrence` (Block Set) recurrence period for the muting rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--recurrence))
- `stop_time` (Number) stop time of an alert muting rule as a Unix timestamp, in seconds

### Read-Only

- `effective_start_time` (Number) effective API start time in milliseconds
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `property` (String) the property to filter by
- `property_value` (String) the value of the property to filter by

Optional:

- `negated` (Boolean) (false by default) whether this filter should be a not filter


<a id="nestedblock--recurrence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recurrence`

Required:

- `unit` (String) unit of the period. Can be days (d) or weeks (w)
- `value` (Number) amount of time, expressed as an integer applicable to the unit
