---
page_title: "Splunk Observability Cloud - signalfx_customized_auto_detector"
description: |-
    This resources allows for users to customize existing auto detectors by providing various inputs.
---
# Resource: signalfx_customized_auto_detector

This resources allows for users to customize existing auto detectors by providing various inputs.

# Examples Usage

```terraform
data "signalfx_auto_detector" "all" {}

# Only needed to show within terraform what auto detectors are available to extend
# and can be used as reference for the parent_id field in the customized auto detector resource.
output "auto_detector_results" {
  value = data.signalfx_auto_detector.all.results
}

# This is an example of a customized auto detector resource that extends the EC2 auto detector.
# The parent_id field references the id of the EC2 auto detector from the data source above.
resource "signalfx_customized_auto_detector" "extended_ec2" {
  parent_id   = data.signalfx_auto_detector.all.results.EC2.id
  
  name        = "Modified EC2 Example Detector"
  description = "This is an example of a modified auto detector resource."
  severity    = "Critical"
  tags        = []
  teams       = []

  notifications = [
    { type = "Email", email = "example@example.com" },
    { type = "Slack", channel = "#alerts", credential_id = "slack-credential" },
  ]

  # Inputs are key value pairs that are discoverable by the data 
  # and will change based on the parent's provided configurable inputs.
  inputs = {
    guardrail = "0.81"
  }

  # Each individual filter is combined as an AND condition within the auto detector configuration.
  filters = [
    { key = "service", values = ["web"] },
    { key = "environment", values = ["production"] },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parent_id` (String) This is the id of the auto detector we are making a customisation of them

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the customized auto detector.
- `filters` (Attributes List) The list of filters to be added to the customized auto detector. By default, there will be no additional filters added to the original auto detector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filters))
- `inputs` (Map of String) The map of inputs to be added to the customized auto detector. What inputs are required depends on the inherited auto detector.
- `name` (String) The name of the customized auto detector.
- `notifications` (Attributes List) The list of notifications to be added to the customized auto detector. By default, there will be no additional notifications added to the original auto detector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notifications))
- `severity` (String) The severity of the customized auto detector. By default, the severity will be the same as the original auto detector.
- `tags` (List of String) The list of tags to be added to the customized auto detector. By default, there will be no additional tags added to the original auto detector.
- `teams` (List of String) The list of teams to be added to the customized auto detector. By default, there will be no additional teams added to the original auto detector.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filters`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the filter.
- `values` (List of String) The values of the filter.


<a id="nestedatt--notifications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notifications`

Required:

- `type` (String) This is the name of the integration type that the notification should be routed through.

Optional:

- `channel` (String) The channel to send the notification to. Only used for Slack notification types.
- `credential_id` (String) The ID of the credential to use for this notification.
- `credential_name` (String) The name of the credential to use for this notification. Only used for Team notification types.
- `email` (String) The email address to send the notification to. Only used for Email and TeamEmail notification types.
- `responder_id` (String) The ID of the responder to send the notification to. Only used for Team notification types.
- `responder_name` (String) The name of the responder to send the notification to. Only used for Team notification types.
- `responder_type` (String) The type of the responder to send the notification to. Only used for Team notification types.
- `routing_key` (String) The routing key to use for this notification. Only used for Splunk OnCall (formerly VictorOps) notification types.
- `secret` (String) The secret to use for this notification. Only used for Webhook notification types.
- `team` (String) The team to send the notification to. Only used for Team notification types.
- `url` (String) The URL to send the notification to. Only used for Webhook notification types.

