---
page_title: "Splunk Observability Cloud: signalfx_jira_integration"
description: |-
  Allows Terraform to create and manage Jira Integrations for Splunk Observability Cloud
---

# Resource: signalfx_jira_integration

Splunk Observability Cloud Jira integrations. For help with this integration see [Integration with Jira](https://docs.splunk.com/observability/en/admin/notif-services/jira.html).

~> **NOTE** When managing integrations, use a session token of an administrator to authenticate the Splunk Observability Cloud provider. See [Operations that require a session token for an administrator](https://dev.splunk.com/observability/docs/administration/authtokens#Operations-that-require-a-session-token-for-an-administrator). Otherwise you'll receive a 4xx error.

## Example

```terraform
resource "signalfx_jira_integration" "jira_myteamXX" {
  name    = "JiraFoo"
  enabled = false

  auth_method = "UsernameAndPassword"
  username    = "yoosername"
  password    = "paasword"

  # Or…
  #auth_method = "EmailAndToken"
  #user_email = "yoosername@example.com"
  #api_token = "abc123"

  assignee_name         = "testytesterson"
  assignee_display_name = "Testy Testerson"

  base_url    = "https://www.example.com"
  issue_type  = "Story"
  project_key = "TEST"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `assignee_name` (String) Jira user name for the ticket assignee.
- `auth_method` (String) Authentication method. Allowed values are `UsernameAndPassword` and `EmailAndToken`.
- `base_url` (String) Base URL of the Jira instance.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the integration is enabled.
- `issue_type` (String) Jira issue type used for tickets created from detector notifications.
- `name` (String) Human-readable name of the integration.
- `project_key` (String) Key of the Jira project that receives tickets.

### Optional

- `api_token` (String, Sensitive) API token used with the `EmailAndToken` authentication method.
- `assignee_display_name` (String) Jira display name for the ticket assignee.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password used with the `UsernameAndPassword` authentication method.
- `user_email` (String) Email address used with the `EmailAndToken` authentication method.
- `username` (String) User name used with the `UsernameAndPassword` authentication method.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the resource.
