---
page_title: "Splunk Observability Cloud: signalfx_team"
description: |-
  Allows Terraform to create and manage teams in Splunk Observability Cloud
---

# Resource: signalfx_team

Handles management of Splunk Observability Cloud teams.

You can configure [team notification policies](https://docs.splunk.com/observability/en/admin/user-management/teams/team-notifications.html) using this resource and the various `notifications_*` properties.

~> **NOTE** When managing teams, use a session token of an administrator to authenticate the Splunk Observability Cloud provider. See [Operations that require a session token for an administrator](https://dev.splunk.com/observability/docs/administration/authtokens#Operations-that-require-a-session-token-for-an-administrator).

## Example

```terraform
resource "signalfx_team" "myteam0" {
  name        = "Best Team Ever"
  description = "Super great team no jerks definitely"

  members = [
    "userid1",
    "userid2",
    # …
  ]

  notifications_critical = [
    "PagerDuty,credentialId"
  ]

  notifications_info = [
    "Email,notify@example.com"
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the team.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the team.
- `members` (Set of String) Organization member IDs included in the team.
- `notifications_critical` (List of String) Ordered notification destinations for critical alerts, in comma-delimited provider format.
- `notifications_default` (List of String) Ordered notification destinations for default alerts, in comma-delimited provider format.
- `notifications_info` (List of String) Ordered notification destinations for info alerts, in comma-delimited provider format.
- `notifications_major` (List of String) Ordered notification destinations for major alerts, in comma-delimited provider format.
- `notifications_minor` (List of String) Ordered notification destinations for minor alerts, in comma-delimited provider format.
- `notifications_warning` (List of String) Ordered notification destinations for warning alerts, in comma-delimited provider format.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the resource.
- `url` (String) Splunk Observability Cloud application URL for the team.
